a: 1. the first letter of the English alphabet, a vowel. 2. any spoken sound represented by the letter A  or a,  as in bake, hat, father,  or small.  3. something having the shape of an A . 4. a written or printed representation of the letter A  or a.  5. a device, as a printer's type, for reproducing the letter A  or a. 
able: 1. having necessary power, skill, resources, or qualifications; qualified. 2. having unusual or superior intelligence, skill, etc. 3. showing talent, skill, or knowledge: an able speech.
about: 1. of; concerning; in regard to: instructions about the work; a book about the Civil War. 2. connected or associated with: There was an air of mystery about him. 3. near; close to: a man about my height; about six o'clock. 
account: 1. an oral or written description of particular events or situations; narrative: an account of the meetings; an account of the trip. 2. an explanatory statement of conduct, as to a superior. 3. a statement of reasons, causes, etc., explaining some event. 
animal: 1. any member of the kingdom Animalia, comprising multicellular organisms that have a well-defined shape and usually limited growth, can move voluntarily, actively acquire food and digest it internally, and have sensory and nervous systems that allow them to respond rapidly to stimuli: some classification schemes also include protozoa and certain other single-celled eukaryotes that have motility and animallike nutritional modes. 2.  any such living thing other than a human being. 
automatic: 1. having the capability of starting, operating, moving, etc., independently: an automatic sprinkler system; an automatic car wash. 2. Physiology . occurring independently of volition, as certain muscular actions; involuntary. 3. done unconsciously or from force of habit; mechanical: an automatic application of the brakes. 
back: 1. the rear part of the human body, extending from the neck to the lower end of the spine. 2. the part of the body of animals corresponding to the human back. 3. the rear portion of any part of the body: the back of the head. 
bad: 1. not good in any manner or degree.  2. having a wicked or evil character; morally reprehensible: There is no such thing as a bad boy. 3. of poor or inferior quality; defective; deficient: a bad diamond; a bad spark plug. 
bag: 1. a container or receptacle of leather, plastic, cloth, paper, etc., capable of being closed at the mouth; pouch.  2. something resembling or suggesting such a receptacle. 3. a suitcase or other portable container for carrying articles, as in traveling.
balance: 1. a state of equilibrium or equipoise; equal distribution of weight, amount, etc. 2. something used to produce equilibrium; counterpoise. 3. mental steadiness or emotional stability; habit of calm behavior, judgment, etc. 
ball: 1. a spherical or approximately spherical body or shape; sphere: He rolled the piece of paper into a ball.  2. a round or roundish body, of various sizes and materials, either hollow or solid, for use in games, as baseball, football, tennis, or golf.  3. a game played with a ball, especially baseball: The boys are out playing ball. 
band: a company of persons or, sometimes, animals or things, joined, acting, or functioning together; aggregation; party; troop: a band of protesters. 
bite: 1. to cut, wound, or tear with the teeth: She bit the apple greedily. The lion bit his trainer. 2. to grip or hold with the teeth: Stop biting your lip! 
bitter: having a harsh, disagreeably acrid taste, like that of aspirin, quinine, wormwood, or aloes.  
black: 1. lacking hue and brightness; absorbing light without reflecting any of the rays composing it. 2. characterized by absence of light; enveloped in darkness: a black night.
brick: 1. a block of clay hardened by drying in the sun or burning in a kiln, and used for building, paving, etc. 2. the material of which such blocks are made. 
bridge: 1. a structure spanning and providing passage over a river, chasm, road, or the like.  2. a connecting, transitional, or intermediate route or phase between two adjacent elements, activities, conditions, or the like: Working at the hospital was a bridge between medical school and private practice.
cake: 1. a sweet, baked, breadlike food, made with or without shortening, and usually containing flour, sugar, baking powder or soda, eggs, and liquid flavoring. 2. a flat, thin mass of bread, especially unleavened bread. 
camera: 1. a boxlike device for holding a film or plate sensitive to light, having an aperture controlled by a shutter that, when opened, admits light enabling an object to be focused, usually by means of a lens, on the film or plate, thereby producing a photographic image. 2. (in a television transmitting apparatus) the device in which the picture to be televised is formed before it is changed into electric impulses. 
canvas: 1. a closely woven, heavy cloth of cotton, hemp, or linen, used for tents, sails, etc. 2. a piece of this or similar material on which a painting is made. 
card: 1. a usually rectangular piece of stiff paper, thin pasteboard, or plastic for various uses, as to write information on or printed as a means of identifying the holder.  2. one of a set of thin pieces of cardboard with spots, figures, etc., used in playing various games; playing card. 
care: 1.  a state of mind in which one is troubled; worry, anxiety, or concern: He was never free from care. 2. a cause or object of worry, anxiety, concern, etc.: Their son has always been a great care to them. 3. serious attention; solicitude; heed; caution: She devotes great care to her work. 
carriage:  a wheeled vehicle for conveying persons, as one drawn by horses and designed for comfort and elegance. 2. 
cart:  a two-wheeled vehicle, commonly without springs, drawn by mules, oxen, or the like, used for the conveyance of heavy goods.
cat: a small domesticated carnivore, Felis domestica  or F. catus,  bred in a number of varieties.
curtain: a hanging piece of fabric used to shut out the light from a window, adorn a room, increase privacy, etc. 
damage: injury or harm that reduces value or usefulness: The storm did considerable damage to the crops.
earth: ( often initial capital letter ) the planet third in order from the sun.
experience: 1. a particular instance of personally encountering or undergoing something: My encounter with the bear in the woods was a frightening experience. 2. the process or fact of personally observing, encountering, or undergoing something: business experience. 3. the observing, encountering, or undergoing of things generally as they occur in the course of time: to learn from experience; the range of human experience. 
face: 1. the front part of the head, from the forehead to the chin. 2. the front part of the head, from the forehead to the chin.
first:  being before all others with respect to time, order, rank, importance, etc., used as the ordinal number of one: the first edition; the first vice president. 
frame: 1. a border or case for enclosing a picture, mirror, etc. 2. a rigid structure formed of relatively slender pieces, joined so as to surround sizable empty spaces or nonstructural panels, and generally used as a major support in building or engineering works, machinery, furniture, etc. 
garden: a plot of ground, usually near a house, where flowers, shrubs, vegetables, fruits, or herbs are cultivated. 
grass: any plant of the family Gramineae, having jointed stems, sheathing leaves, and seedlike grains. Compare grass family.
hair: any of the numerous fine, usually cylindrical, keratinous filaments growing from the skin of humans and animals; a pilus.
hand: the terminal, prehensile part of the upper limb in humans and other primates, consisting of the wrist, metacarpal area, fingers, and thumb.
ice: the solid form of water, produced by freezing; frozen water.
idea: 1. any conception existing in the mind as a result of mental understanding, awareness, or activity. 2.  a thought, conception, or notion: That is an excellent idea. 3. an impression: He gave me a general idea of how he plans to run the department.
island: a tract of land completely surrounded by water, and not large enough to be called a continent. 
join: to bring in contact, connect, or bring or put together: to join hands; to join pages with a staple. 
journey: a traveling from one place to another, usually taking a rather long time; trip: a six-day journey across the desert. 
keep: to hold or retain in one's possession; hold as one's own: If you like it, keep it. Keep the change. 
key: 1. a small metal instrument specially cut to fit into a lock and move its bolt.  2. any of various devices resembling or functioning as a key: the key of a clock. 
land: any part of the earth's surface not covered by a body of water; the part of the earth's surface occupied by continents and islands: Land was sighted from the crow's nest. 
language: 1. a body of words and the systems for their use common to a people who are of the same community or nation, the same geographical area, or the same cultural tradition: the two languages of Belgium; a Bantu language; the French language; the Yiddish language.  2. communication by voice in the distinctively human manner, using arbitrary sounds in conventional ways with conventional meanings; speech. 
loud: 1. (of sound) strongly audible; having exceptional volume or intensity: loud talking; loud thunder; loud whispers.  2. making, emitting, or uttering strongly audible sounds: a quartet of loud trombones. 
machine: an apparatus consisting of interrelated parts with separate functions, used in the performance of some kind of work: a sewing machine.
monkey: any mammal of the order Primates, including the guenons, macaques, langurs, and capuchins, but excluding humans, the anthropoid apes, and, usually, the tarsier and prosimians. Compare New World monkey, Old World monkey. 
moon:  the earth's natural satellite. 
name:  a word or a combination of words by which a person, place, or thing, a body or class, or any object of thought is designated, called, or known.
narrow:  1. of little breadth or width; not broad or wide; not as wide as usual or expected: a narrow path. 2. limited in extent or space; affording little room: narrow quarters. 
office: a room, set of rooms, or building where the business of a commercial or industrial organization or of a professional person is conducted: the main office of an insurance company; a doctor's office. 
oil: any of a large class of substances typically unctuous, viscous, combustible, liquid at ordinary temperatures, and soluble in ether or alcohol but not in water: used for anointing, perfuming, lubricating, illuminating, heating, etc.
page: one side of a leaf of something printed or written, as a book, manuscript, or letter.
pen:  any of various instruments for writing or drawing with ink or a similar substance.
quality: an essential or distinctive characteristic, property, or attribute: the chemical qualities of alcohol.
quick: done, proceeding, or occurring with promptness or rapidity, as an action, process, etc.; prompt; immediate: a quick response.
rain: water that is condensed from the aqueous vapor in the atmosphere and falls to earth in drops. 
range: the extent to which or the limits between which variation is possible: the range of steel prices; a wide range of styles.
rice: the starchy seeds or grain of an annual marsh grass, Oryza sativa,  cultivated in warm climates and used for food. 
sad: affected by unhappiness or grief; sorrowful or mournful: to feel sad because a close friend has moved away. 
safe: secure from liability to harm, injury, danger, or risk: a safe place. 
ship: a vessel, especially a large oceangoing one propelled by sails or engines. 
sky: the region of the clouds or the upper air; the upper atmosphere of the earth: airplanes in the sky; cloudy skies. 
sleep: to take the rest afforded by a suspension of voluntary bodily functions and the natural suspension, complete or partial, of consciousness; cease being awake. 
system: 1. an assemblage or combination of things or parts forming a complex or unitary whole: a mountain system; a railroad system.  2. any assemblage or set of correlated members: a system of currency; a system of shorthand characters.
table: an article of furniture consisting of a flat, slablike top supported on one or more legs or other supports: a kitchen table; an operating table; a pool table. 
theory: a coherent group of tested general propositions, commonly regarded as correct, that can be used as principles of explanation and prediction for a class of phenomena: Einstein's theory of relativity. Synonyms: principle, law, doctrine.
tree: a plant having a permanently woody main stem or trunk, ordinarily growing to a considerable height, and usually developing branches at some distance from the ground.
umbrella: a light, small, portable, usually circular cover for protection from rain or sun, consisting of a fabric held on a collapsible frame of thin ribs radiating from the top of a carrying stick or handle. 
value: relative worth, merit, or importance: the value of a college education; the value of a queen in chess.
walk: to advance or travel on foot at a moderate speed or pace; proceed by steps; move by advancing the feet alternately so that there is always one foot on the ground in bipedal locomotion and two or more feet on the ground in quadrupedal locomotion.
wall: any of various permanent upright constructions having a length much greater than the thickness and presenting a continuous surface except where pierced by doors, windows, etc.: used for shelter, protection, or privacy, or to subdivide interior space, to support floors, roofs, or the like, to retain earth, to fence in an area, etc. 
war: a conflict carried on by force of arms, as between nations or between parties within a nation; warfare, as by land, sea, or air.
word: a unit of language, consisting of one or more spoken sounds or their written representation, that functions as a principal carrier of meaning.
yellow: a color like that of egg yolk, ripe lemons, etc.